User properties update - make equal timestamps same op for merging be undefined (#2432)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/user-properties.mdx

 1 | no        | yes       | N/A       | N/A       | N/A                | 2
 2 | yes       | yes       | set       | set       | before             | 2
 3 | yes       | yes       | set       | set_once  | before             | 2
 4 | yes       | yes       | set       | set       | equal              | 1 or 2
 5 | yes       | yes       | set       | set_once  | equal              | 2 
 6 | yes       | yes       | set       | set       | after              | 1
 7 | yes       | yes       | set       | set_once  | after              | 2 
 8 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set       | before             | 1 
 9 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set_once  | before             | 1
10 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set       | equal              | 1 
11 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set_once  | equal              | 1 or 2
12 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set       | after              | 1
13 | yes       | yes       | set_once  | set_once  | after              | 2

> Notice: here with equal timestamps and previous method (rows 4 and 11) this means that we could end up using either person's value, we will optimize for efficiency here to minimize db writes (similarly to why set/set_once doesn't override). To elaborate look at the following examples:

Reviewer: These are user-facing docs, so let's use e.g. "database" instead of db

```suggestion
> **Note:** Here with equal timestamps and the current call (set/set_once) equal to the previous (rows 4 and 11) this means that we could end up using either person's value. We will optimize for efficiency here to minimize database writes (similarly to why set/set_once doesn't override). To elaborate look at the following examples:
```
